Baidu User Agreement
Chapter One: General Provisions

1.1 This Baidu User Agreement ("Agreement") applies to your use, as the "user," (defined below) of the Baidu website and all or any of Baidu's products (collectively known as the "Website") and your understanding that the Website, and all of its content, is provided by Baidu, Inc. ("Baidu") the leading search engine service provider whereas your use of the Website is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

1.2 Your act of using the Website or any of Baidu's services shall be construed and understood to constitute your (the user) acceptance of all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and you understand and agree that a legal contractual relationship has been established between you, the user, and Baidu. You alone shall bear any and all legal responsibility and/or liability that arise from activities and events you engage in association with your use of the Website and any of Baidu's services.

1.3 Where a user utilizes any of the services provided by Baidu, such use shall be construed and understood as the user's consent to the service agreement of each individual Baidu service and all other announcements published by Baidu for each service.

1.4 Baidu may update this Agreement and the service agreements and announcements for each service at any time without notice. Please pay attention to and comply with the relevant applicable provisions when you enjoy certain services.

Please read this Agreement carefully before you enjoy the various services provided by Baidu. If you do not accept any terms or conditions of this Agreement and/or its amendments, you may cancel the services provided by Baidu. Once you use Baidu's service(s), it shall be construed and understood that you have fully understood, consented to and accepted all terms and conditions of this Agreement and its amendments, when applicable, and you shall become a Baidu User (also known as "user").
Chapter Two: Information Registration and Privacy Protection

Baidu may collect a Baidu User's personal information when he/she uses Baidu's products or services, browses a Baidu page, or participates in promotions and sweepstakes. The information will be utilized to improve the services and web content provided for the user and in accordance with all and any applicable laws and regulations.
Chapter Three: Use Rules

3.1 Baidu User's shall be bound by the laws and regulations of People's Republic of China ("P.R.C.") when using Baidu's services and shall not utilize the service for any illegal activities, including but not limited to:

a. Upload, display, post, spread or send in any other manner any information that: (1) is opposed to the basic principles established by the Constitution of the P.R.C.; (2) endangers the national security, divulges State secrets, subverts the State power or undermines national unity; (3) damages the honor and interests of the State; (4) incites ethnic hatred or ethnic discrimination, or undermines ethnic unity; (5) jeopardizes the State's religious policies, or advocates cults and superstition; (6) spreads rumors, disturbs social order, or undermines social stability; (7) spreads obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism, or instigates others to commit crimes; (8) insults or slanders others, or infringes upon the legal rights of others; (9) incites illegal assembly, association, procession, demonstration or gathers crowds to disturb social order; (10) is false, harmful, threatening, privacy infringing, or contains contents of harassments, infringements, defamations, vulgarity, or obscenity, or is otherwise morally objectionable, lack of aesthetic, unsuitable with fine custom; (11) contains other contents restricted or prohibited by laws, regulations, rules and any other legally binding provisions;

b. where forbidden to use the Internet for illegal purposes; or

c. where forbidden to engage in any of the following activities: (1) accessing the computer information network or use of resources of the computer information network without authorization; (2) deleting, modifying or adding any function of the computer information network without authorization; (3) deleting, modifying or adding any data or application stored, processed or transmitted in the computer information network without authorization; (4) intentionally creating or disseminating computer virus or other destructive programs; (5) or engaging in other activities that damage the computer information network.

3.2 Baidu Users consent to indemnify Baidu, its subsidiaries and affiliates, for any claims, demands or losses, including reasonable attorney fees, against any third party if such damages or losses result from the Baidu User's violation of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or the provisions of a relevant service agreement. Baidu will assist in investigations as reasonably requested by the relevant competent authorities.

3.3 A Baidu User shall be liable for his/her behavior in using any of Baidu's service. Such form of liability includes, but is not limited to: compensation for the damages an infringed party suffers, and compensation for any administrative or civil penalties incurred by Baidu from the damages caused by the user's behavior.
Chapter Four: Service Content

4.1 Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any new product(s), new function(s) and/or new service(s) provided by Baidu shall be subject to this Agreement.

4.2 Given the special nature of network services, Baidu Users agree that Baidu shall have the right to change, suspend or terminate some or all network services (including, but not limited to, subscription network service) without prior notice. Baidu does not guarantee that the network services will not be interrupted or the timeliness, security, accuracy of the network services.

4.3 Baidu may conduct maintenance on the platform providing network services and other related equipment either regularly or irregularly. Baidu shall assume no responsibility for any interruption of the network services (including, but not limited to subscription network service) within a reasonable period caused by such maintenance. Baidu reserves the right to suspend any part or all this service for maintenance, upgrading and other purposes without prior notice.

4.4 Baidu Users may be provided with access to third party links via any of Baidu's services. Under such circumstances, Baidu is unable to exert control over such third party websites and resources, and therefore the user understands and agrees that Baidu is not responsible for the availability of these websites or resources and any content, advertisements, products or other data existing or arising from such websites and resources. Baidu shall not be held responsible for any damage or losses resulting from any content, products, services or other data which is accessed or obtained from such websites or resources.

4.5 Baidu Users explicitly agree to assume all risks associated with the use of any of Baidu's services. Users understand and accept that they are using their own personal judgment when deciding to download or obtain any information or resources from Baidu's services, and assume the risks associated with system impairment, loss of data, risks of loss and other risks. Baidu does not make any representation, warranty or guarantee of any kind in association with any shopping services, course of dealing, or information obtained from the service network.

4.6 Baidu is entitled to modify or terminate this service (or any other parts thereof) at any time without prior notice. Baidu is not liable to users or any third party in connection with any modification or termination of service undergone without providing any prior notice to Baidu Users.
Chapter Five: Intellectual Property and Other Legitimate Rights and Interests (Including But Not Limited to the Right to Reputation and Business Reputation)

If any content in the open access areas of a Baidu website is uploaded by users through a Baidu service, users agree that Baidu has a royalty-free, permanent, irrevocable, nonexclusive and complete sub-license right and permission to use, duplicate, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works, spread, perform and display these contents (the whole or parts), and/or incorporate these content into any other forms of work, media or technology currently known or later developed throughout the world.
Chapter Six: Special Note for Minor Users

6.1 Young people (those considered minors in any jurisdiction) must comply with the National Youth Network Civilization Convention and/or any other applicable local laws or regulations in the country where you utilize any of Baidu's services:
a.    Minors should refrain from browsing any inappropriate information;
b.    Minors should not insult or defraud others;
c.    Minors should not casually interact with strangers; and
d.    Minors should not engage in activity that negatively impacts the network.
Chapter Seven: Miscellaneous Clauses

7.1 The Laws of the People"s Republic of China shall prevail when dealing with the conclusion, implementation and interpretation of this Agreement, and any dispute or settlement arising thereof.

7.2 Where the parties have any disagreement as to the implementation or interpretation of this Agreement or its execution, both sides should settle such disagreement through friendly consultations; where negotiation fails, either party shall only bring a court action in the People's Court located in Baidu's domicile.

7.3 Where Baidu does not exercise or execute any right or provision under the Agreement, such act or non-act shall not constitute a waiver of any such right.

7.4 If any portion of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

Please send notice to Baidu if you find any violation of the Agreement and/or any other individual service"s Terms of Service. You may contact Baidu at the following address:

Product Affairs Group

Baidu, Inc.

Baidu Campus

No.10, Shangdi 10th Street

Haidian District

Beijing 100085

You may also contact us via email at tousulaw@baidu.com.

